PQ-2235: Clarify "calendar days" (#7382)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/delay_step.md

{% tabs %}
  {% tab After a duration %}

  The **After a duration** option allows you to delay users for a set number of seconds, minutes, hours, days, or weeks, and at a specific time. For example, you can delay users for four hours or for one day. 
  
  Note the difference between how "days" and "calendar days" are calculated. 
  
    - A "day" is 24 hours and calculated from the time the user enters the Delay step. 

>     - A "calendar day" defines a day as the period from when a time is specified, meaning you can choose to delay at company time or at a user's local time. If a time is not specified, the user will be delayed until midnight the next day in company time.

Reviewer: If this is accurate, minor suggestion for clarity to make it a little easier to read. Otherwise lgtm~!

```suggestion
    - A "calendar day" defines a day as 24 hours after a specified time, meaning you can choose to delay at company time or at a user's local time. If a time is not specified, the user will be delayed until midnight the next day in company time.
```

Reviewer 2: A new build should be generated once this suggestion is committed.
